——————————————————————————————————

10-08-2014

15-23-53

https://github.com/tpope/vim-rails

rails.vim

Remember when everybody and their mother was using TextMate for Ruby on Rails development? 
还记得大家使用TextMate进行Ruby on Rails开发的时候吗？
Well if it wasn't for rails.vim, we'd still be in that era. 
So shut up and pay some respect. 
And check out these features:

    Easy navigation of the Rails directory structure. gf considers context and knows about partials, fixtures, and much more. 
    Rails目录组织的导航便利。gf会根据上下文推断有关部件、夹具等等。

There are two commands, :A (alternate) and :R (related) for easy jumping between files, including favorites like model to schema, template to helper, and controller to functional test. 
有两个命令：
:A（备选的）和:R（相关的），方便在文件之间跳转，包括最常用的、例如模型到视图，模板到辅助方法，控制器到功能测试等。
Commands like :Emodel, :Eview, :Econtroller, are provided to :edit files by type, along with S, V, and T variants for :split, :vsplit, and :tabedit. 
类似:Emodle，:Eview，:Econtroller，被设定为编辑该类型的文件，而S，V和T则对应着相关的横分窗口、竖分窗口和新标签页编辑模式。
Throw a bang on the end (:Emodel foo!) to automatically create the file with the standard boilerplate if it doesn't exist. 
在结尾键入！命令将在文件不存在时、自动创建标准样板文件。
:help rails-navigation

    Enhanced syntax highlighting. 
    加强的语法高亮。

From has_and_belongs_to_many to distance_of_time_in_words, it's here.

    Interface to rake. 
    rake的接口。

Use :Rake to run the current test, spec, or feature. 
使用:Rake可运行当前测试、spec或feature。
Use :.Rake to do a focused run of just the method, example, or scenario on the current line. 
使用:.Rake则只集中于运行在当前行上的一种方法、例子或脚本。
:Rake can also run arbitrary migrations, load individual fixtures, and more. 
:Rake 也可运行任何迁移，导入单个夹具等等。
:help rails-rake

    Interface to the rails command. 
    rails命令接口。

Generally, use :Rails console to call rails console. 
一般的，使用:Rails conslole将调用rails控制台。
Many commands have wrappers with additional features: 
许多命令被包装其中，且有另外的特征。
:Rgenerate controller Blog generates a blog controller and loads the generated files into the quickfix list, and :Rrunner wraps rails runner and doubles as a direct test runner. 
:Rgenerate controller Blog将产生一个blog控制器，并将生成的文件导入到一个quickfix（据说是个新的窗口）列表；而:Rrunner包装了rails运行器，并加倍为一个直接的测试运行器。
:help rails-scripts

    Partial and concern extraction. 
    局部模板和相关抽取

In a view, :Rextract {file} replaces the desired range (typically selected in visual line mode) with render '{file}', which is automatically created with your content. 
在一个视图中，:Rextract {file}将想要的范围（特别是在可视行模式下选择的）替换为render '{file}'，替换的文件将用你的选定的内容自动创建。
In a model or controller, a concern is created, with the appropriate include declaration left behind. 
在一个模式或控制器中，一种关联将被创建，适当的包含声明放在后面。
:help rails-:Rextract

    Fully customizable. 
    完全可定制。

Define "projections" at the global, app, or gem level to define navigation commands and override the alternate file, default rake task, syntax highlighting, abbreviations, and more. 
:help rails-projections.

    Integration with other plugins. 
    和其他插件集成。

If dbext.vim is installed, it will be transparently configured to reflect database.yml. 
Users of abolish.vim get pluralize and tableize coercions, and users of bundler.vim get a smattering of features. 
:help rails-integration
